hi everyone and welcome to your weekly
angel reading for august twenty fifth
through to the 31st i'm going to be
using during virtues healing with the
angels deck this week it's her first
deck of angel cards and one of my
favorites so let's see what they have to
say for us for Monday and Tuesday
alright so here we go playfulness what a
great card that is and if you remember
from last week's reading we were talking
about creativity and creativity is such
an important part of life as well as
being playful sometimes we can take life
a little seriously or you know it's
understandable when we have so much
going on or perhaps as some challenges
it can be really easy to forget to
lighten up and to do something that's
more fun so at the beginning of the week
we're being asked to make time for it
sometimes we sail but I don't have time
to play what too much work to do that's
actually the very time that we really
need to make time for it for fun they're
also saying that friends are important
this week so make some time for your
friends and the people they're important
to you the angels here or that the the
babies here really their little cherub
angels lots of people will say all
cherub angels are also to do with
romance too so whether you're in a
relationship or not sometimes actually
to bring that a spark back in our
relationships is really important again
to just make some time for those we care
about if you're single of course having
fun and making some time to do things
that you really enjoy of course is
always attractive to other people isn't
it it makes our light shine so go ahead
if you need permission to have fun this
week this is definitely a time to do so
right here we go for the middle of the
week new love right ok so like last week
there was a theme with the creativity
wasn't there well this week it seems to
be about love playfulness again there's
a picture of cherubs in this card there
aren't always cherubs in this deck so
definitely the very man
angels the cherub angels are wanting to
connect with us they're really helpful
in lifting our hearts to a lighter place
to help it for helping us to make love
of priority in our lives not just for
others of course but for ourselves the
angels are saying regardless of whether
you're single or in a relationship it
just means that your relationship status
and your work your love life is just
going to take on new meaning for you so
the deepening of friendships are
deepening of relationships perhaps new
people coming into your life that will
really have a big impact in the way that
you see the world there there's a lot of
attention usually on soulmates and we
think of love soul mates can be our
friends soul mates can be people who
really understand us on a deep level no
matter how long you've known them so
just really be aware of the people that
come into your life especially midweek
because I feel that the angels are
letting us know that they're going to be
people that will stick around there are
going to be people who really change our
lives for the better okay so here we go
for it oh look look at the the week I
love this card and this is the end of
the week that weekend answered prayer Oh
beautiful so with there's lots of
magical energy around us towards the end
of the week to remember that what we've
been asking for is happening and it's
really helpful if we can stay in a place
of faith about that face about our
relationships perhaps if we've been
asking for a relationship that's
fulfilling then this is even more reason
to believe in it right but whatever it
is even if perhaps it's about being able
to have more fun being able to connect
more to ourselves and to our loved ones
knowing that the angels will help us to
do that but remember when we've asked
for help we must get out of the way
because so sometimes you can say oh yeah
but the angels aren't helping me because
it hasn't happened yet this is really a
time to have faith that they have heard
us and our prayers are answered in all
kinds of ways remember this is also a
card
to remind us to really focus on our
desires already being here it's one of
the reasons that I called my album
already here because I used to say that
everything I need everyone I need to
make this project happen to make the CD
happen is already here and I had
actually have a title track that was
about a love of mine being already here
and but but anyway I'm digressing just
to say that when we say thank you angels
for the wonderful relationship that I
have thank you angels for this beautiful
time that I have with my friends and for
connecting me with people that fulfill
me and understand me and support me in
every way we're already affirming that
that is so and the universe doesn't know
the difference between that which we
focus on the you know the yes or the now
it just knows that what we're focusing
on is happening so really have faith
really trust in the angels to help you
and trust in yourself if you're feeling
guided to go to certain places or to
connect with people to really trust
people more the people in your life the
angels are saying are people that you
can trust they are answers to your
prayers to be surrounded by more
authentic people and people that are
going to really be amazing on this next
phase of your life if you are somebody
who's also going through big changes and
like people have left your life I know
that's happened to me before and it's it
can be a little challenging but also to
remember that when that happens we
create this vacuum in this space for
amazing other people too to be attracted
to us because it's just time it's just
time for them to meet have you ever
noticed that just seems to happen in
perfect timing so wherever you're at in
your relationships wherever you're out
in your life now this is a time to focus
on the people that you love the things
that you love because when you do the
things that you love the people that are
going to be for your highest good will
be drawn to you so be you because
remember when you're really you the
people that will really love you for who
you are will all
show up I love you that angels love you
and I'll be sending you lots and lots of
love this week take care everyone bye
bye for now